docs: remove duplicative k8s access guide (#27119)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/deploy-a-cluster/helm-deployments/digitalocean.mdx

Read our guides to additional ways you can protect a Kubernetes cluster with
Teleport:

> - [Connect Multiple Kubernetes Clusters](../../kubernetes-access/getting-started.mdx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect another Kubernetes cluster to Teleport by [deploying the Teleport Kubernetes Service](../../kubernetes-access/getting-started.mdx)
```
Suggested to make this more precise as to the content of the guide we're linking to
